# vba_challenge_reja


**Background**

You are well on your way to becoming a programmer and Excel expert! In this homework assignment, you will use VBA scripting to analyze generated stock market data.

**Before You Begin**

1. Created a new repository for this project called VBA-challenge. 

2. Inside the new repository that you just created, add any VBA files that you use for this assignment. These will be the main scripts to run for each analysis.

**Files**


Download the following files to help you get started:

Module 2 Challenge [files](https://courses.bootcampspot.com/courses/3819/assignments/56657?module_item_id=999387)

**Instructions**


Create a script that loops through all the stocks for one year and outputs the following information:

- The ticker symbol

- Yearly change from the opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

- The percentage change from the opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

- The total stock volume of the stock. The result should match the following image:

- Add functionality to your script to return the stock with the "Greatest % increase", "Greatest % decrease", and "Greatest total volume". The solution should match the following image:
- Make the appropriate adjustments to your VBA script to enable it to run on every worksheet (that is, every year) at once.

**NOTE**

Make sure to use conditional formatting that will highlight positive changes in green and negative changes in red.

**References**

Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
